_welcome to the JIRA tools scripting sandbox!_
authors: Paul Hanchett, Josh Wilcox, Robert "BJ" Beatty

- Now requires Python 3.5 or greater to run

- Can be installed onto a machine and run as

        python -m jira_tools <command>

## Available Commands
#### help
Lists out available commands and switches.

#### compare_priorities

Scan project sproject platform splatform by GID and look up that
GID in tproject for Android version taversion.
- If priorities mismatch, add Jira ID to the output file.
- If the taversion does not have a matching item, log the mismatch
- If priorities match, no output is generated for that entry.

Switches:

Switch     | Description
-----------|------------------------
sproject   |Source project
splatform  |Source platform
tproject   |Target project
taversion  |Target Android Version

#### dump_parents
Scan the open E-Features of splatform and see if Icelake-U SDC
 is in the platform list. By identifying the parent Feature of
 the E-Feature.


#### e_feature_scanner
Scan AREQ for E-Features of sproject / splatform / sversion with
 a current status of Open, "In Progress", Closed, Merged, or
 Blocked. Locate the parent feature, and the sibling E-Feature
 (with the same Feature parent) in splatform / tversion

- if the verify switch is present, compare the found E-Features,
    flagging missing E-Features and differences

- if update switch is present: If the sibling E-Feature with
    android version tversion is missing, then create create
     the missing E-Feature with a target version of tversion.

 When both verify and update are false, e_feature_scanner will
  still report when an expected target E-Feature is missing.

Switches:

Switch     | Description
-----------|------------------------
splatform  |Source platform (Comparison source)
sversion   |Source Version
tplatform  |Target platform (Comparison target)
tversion   |Target Version
verify      | Perform verify of found entry
update      | Create missing E-Features with version tversion

## Log Files
There are three _cumulative_ log files
 generated by jira_tools and placed into the CWD
 when the command is run. They are

- otc_tool.log (_All output is logged here_)
- otc_tool_errors.log (_Only errors are written here_)
- otc_tool.dat (_A general purpose data file_)

## Logging configuration file
The logging configuration file is named logging.yaml 
and may be in the `CWD` or in the same directory 
as `otc_tool.py`.

## Login credentials and server URL
Login credentials are held in `config.yaml`. `Config.yaml`
may be located in either the CWD or it can be placed
into `~/.jira/` located in the user's home directory.

A sample `config.yaml.example` is provided in the 
`jira_tools` subdirectory.

There are multiple sections to this file. If no target 
server is specified, the **default** section will be used.

An alternate section can be used by specifying a name switch 
on the command line:

        python -m jira_tools e_feature_scanner --name <server>

See the example file for more detailed information.

## Queries file
The queries file contains templated JQL statements used 
by the various commands in jira_tools. This provides an 
easy way to correct a query or perform a custom query
without reprogramming the tool. (It isn't intended as
a way to signifincantly change functionality: it would
be better to add a new command to do that!)

The queries file (`queries.yaml`) is nominally located 
in the jira_tools directory. A `queriea.yaml` 
file in the CWD will receive preference over the built-in 
query file.
